Update meta descriptions for 25 most popular Learn pages (#1370)
astronomer/docs: learn/bashoperator.md

sidebar_label: BashOperator
---

<head>

>   <meta name="description" content="Learn how to use the BashOperator to run bash commands and bash scripts. See an example of how to run scripts in other languages than Python." />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <meta name="description" content="Learn how to use the BashOperator to run bash commands and bash scripts. Review examples of how to run scripts in other languages than Python." />
```

>   <meta name="og:description" content="Learn how to use the BashOperator to run bash commands and bash scripts. See an example of how to run scripts in other languages than Python." />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <meta name="og:description" content="Learn how to use the BashOperator to run bash commands and bash scripts. Review examples of how to run scripts in other languages than Python." />
```
